hey youtube welcome to another cool
video I'm going to be starting to show
sets every once in a while mainly rare
sets that I've been able to find in come
across or even complete so I'm going to
start off with one of my favorite mini
sets um it is Japanese as you can tell
by the title it's from the mcdonalds
2002 series um recently or a while ago I
guess would say depending on when I
upload this I showed you guys these
really cool cards that ain't purchase
that I've always wanted to get this
Charmander Chikorita and squirtle some
of the best artwork I've ever seen in
Japanese sets you know next to the core
quorum you obviously which is my
favorite and gotta love that quote form
you it's just such an amazing card I
mean every time you look at it it's you
know those your mind in case you don't
know what that looks like BAM here's
another one that I've recently purchased
for 10 bucks very cool I'll just go
ahead and put that to the side even
though I has nothing to do this video
anyways this is from the 2002 McDonald
series you guys are wondering to go why
are you showing this well I actually
have the complete set not even an hour
after i filmed me showing these three
cards and then uploading them i actually
came across a UK seller that was
actually selling the complete set I
talked to him work some things out and I
was able to purchase the complete set
which is awesome first thing I have to
say is none of the cars in this video
for sale not even my extra cards so
please don't ask these are some of my
favorite cards so i'll go ahead and show
you guys here we go we'll start off with
the first part we've got a holographic
pikachu i know a lot of there's a lot of
Pikachu collectors out there and know
they're all wondering how are they going
to get that this is an extremely hard
card to get these all have the cool
MacDonald signs on them I'm not sure if
you can actually see them but there they
are
very cool alt lots getting a little bit
closer does not like that that's for
sure hopefully eventually it'll look
there you go anyways very cool set go
ahead and get moving in the shadow is
killing me so we've got some Abra the
other holographic slowpoke is a two and
ass and Sandra donphan and I always fear
what this guy's called but ya think it's
like axe you but I don't remember but
anyways if you guys have noticed a
common theme there is a Halloween each
obviously mini set based on the energy
that it requires which is pretty cool if
you guys remember it is the same as what
they have in our southern island sets
here we go here are the ones that you
guys seen before the Chikorita obviously
and then we got audition Volvo Zords a
very nice photos or error like that
Bulbasaur a lot then we come down here
we got the Charmander of bull pics in a
cyndaquil we go on we got the squirtle
total down in merrill which is a love
Marilyn such a cool card I wish they
made more of the Neo series and the new
sets it would make me happy and that's
pretty much the set but there was also
some other cool cards that are extremely
hard to come across and those are the
holographic energy cards these are
probably the best holographic energy
cards I've ever seen they are amazing if
anyone ever had a play set of these that
would that would be amazing I couldn't
imagine anyone doing better than these
that would be pretty cool so here all
the energy cards probably my best one is
probably the grass or the water so on
the bottom it also comes with the other
non holographic energy cards
he recalled the last three and then he
also sent some really cool extras we got
some coin tabs that came with these most
likely they came in the backs of the
packs when he actually looked at them
but pretty cool i'm pretty happy i was
able to complete this set so easily and
not for much as what they would normally
been selling for so i hope you guys
enjoyed let me know what your favorite
card in this set is and also what your
favorite energy is mainly the whole
graphics and what you think of having
you know if you could would you ever
have a play set of these i would be
pretty interested to see how many people
would rather have these types of
energies impacts nowadays than what they
are do now at the normal read once that
would be I think that would be really
cool if they didn't like have these and
sets those hollow you know energies I
think it would be really cool in today's
age I think a lot of people would go for
that so now I know what you think what
do you think about replacing the
reverses with you know Howell energy
cards like these you know they don't
have to be in every pack but you know
sort of like a rare so let me know hope
you guys enjoyed go ahead and show you
guys one last good time the cards in the
set pretty cool set I really enjoy I'm
actually pretty happy I was able to find
the Pikachu because that one was sold
out before but having the whole set I
was able to get it so very cool hope you
guys enjoyed and be sure to check out
more videos and I'll see you guys later